Formatting amendments (#21875)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/data/ef-mvc/complex-data-model.md

### The Key attribute

> There's a one-to-zero-or-one relationship  between the `Instructor` and the `OfficeAssignmen`t entities. An office assignment only exists in relation to the instructor it's assigned to, and therefore its primary key is also its foreign key to the `Instructor` entity. But the Entity Framework can't automatically recognize `InstructorID` as the primary key of this entity because its name doesn't follow the `ID` or `classnameID` naming convention. Therefore, the `Key` attribute is used to identify it as the key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's a one-to-zero-or-one relationship  between the `Instructor` and the `OfficeAssignment` entities. An office assignment only exists in relation to the instructor it's assigned to, and therefore its primary key is also its foreign key to the `Instructor` entity. But the Entity Framework can't automatically recognize `InstructorID` as the primary key of this entity because its name doesn't follow the `ID` or `classnameID` naming convention. Therefore, the `Key` attribute is used to identify it as the key:
```
